Vineethkumar Marpadge
Cloud Engineer 2 at Amazon Web Services (AWS) | 8 x AWS Certified | 1 x Terraform Certified

vineethkumarmarpadge@gmail.com

+91 9881557378

Hyderabad, India

vmarpadge

Profile
Motivated and customer-focused AWS engineer with 5+ years of experience providing technical support for cloud-based systems. Proficient in a wide range of AWS services, including Elastic Beanstalk, CloudFormation, ECS, CodeBuild, CodePipeline, CodeDeploy, S3, RDS, and Lambda. Strong ability to troubleshoot and resolve issues in a fast-paced environment. Achieved AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate certification. Successfully migrated and optimized a legacy application to AWS, resulting in 30% cost savings and improved performance. Implemented CI/CD pipelines using AWS CodePipeline, reducing deployment time by 50%.

Work Experience present
2021/05 Hyderabad, India
2021/01 Hyderabad, India

Cloud Support Engineer 2 Amazon Web Services
·Delivered exceptional architect guidance to a diverse clientele, proficiently diagnosing and resolving over 200 complex cloud infrastructure issues within tight timeframes and ensured consistently optimal system performance for clients. ·Collaborated with cross-functional teams to design and implement scalable cloud solutions, leveraging AWS services, resulted in 25% enhancement in operational efficiency and cost savings upto 40% ·Actively guided enterprises with the CI/CD setup and migration of their on-prem to AWS infrastructure to have a reliable and robust architecture. ·Spearheaded the end-to-end implementation of a secure and compliant cloud infrastructure, integrating cutting-edge security measures and industry best practices, ensuring data protection and regulatory adherence for 10+ Enterprise clients. ·Subject matter expert in Elastic Beanstalk and cloud technological trends, led 20+ Engineers as a dedicated mentor and contributed towards AWS Public Documentation. ·Proficient with wide range of AWS services, including Elastic Beanstalk, ECS, EKS, CodeBuild, Codepipeline, CodeDeploy, CodeCommit and CloudFormation.
Cloud Engineer Deloitte Offices of the US
·Designed and implemented serverless that encapsulated specific business logic, enabling modular development and maintenance, and facilitating code reusability. ·Conducted performance tuning and optimization of Lambda functions, achieving reduced execution times and improved application responsiveness, resulting in an 40% increase in user satisfaction. ·Successfully orchestrated the end-to-end design, deployment, and continuous maintenance of over 20 serverless Lambda functions on AWS, strategically optimizing application performance and achieving a remarkable 30% reduction in operational overhead.
Software Engineer Accenture Solutions pvt Ltd.
·Designed and Developed an Automation Tool Using Spring Framework which increased the performance by 80% and reduced costs by 40%

·Redesigned various features to make it more scalable,reusable and increased performance by 20%. ·Collaborated with developers and product owners to stay current on product features and intended functionality.

Education Pune, India

B.E(Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering) Sinhgad Academy of Engineering
·Grade: 8.25 ·First Class With Distinction

Skills AWS DevOps Python Docker CI/CD SRE GitLab CI Prometheus | Grafana | ELK Stack | Datadog

Terraform Java | Bash SQL Kubernetes Git Jenkins CloudFormation | CDK

Certificates AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Professional AWS Certified Developer - Associate AWS Certified DevOps - Professional HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate (003) AWS Certified AI Practitioner

AWS Certified SysOps Administrator - Associate AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate AWS Certified Security - Specialty AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner

Awards 2024/04 2023/08
2023/05

Wise Guru Award (x2) AWS Support Engineering This award is for engineers who are pivotal in the team's mentoring and training efforts.
Most Valuable Player AWS Support Engineering Seasoned engineers who have raised the bar for the team's performance with their exceptional productivity and quality.
Knowledge Champ Award AWS Support Engineering Engineers who exhibit never-ending curiosity and constantly seek improvement by not just expanding their own knowledge base, but that of their team and in-turn aws customers.

